# Design Rationale

Explanation

My design decisions are as follows: I have the heading, "Community Events", at the top right because that is a common design practice. The search bar is right under so that the user can have quick and easy access to the search bar if they need something specific. The filter buttons are located on the top right for similar reasons, as they are readily-accessible in case the user knows for sure what types of events they want to see (all, past, or upcoming events). Right below I have the actual content, the events, shown as cards. In lecture we practiced and designed this style of website so I implemented this for p2m1. Each card has an image at the top, followed by the event name, date, location, and event description. There is a RSVP button as well as a "View Details" button. Clicking this will open up a modal so that the user can see the event details more clearly. Clicking this will darken the rest of the site for more focused viewing. There is a close button on the modal so the user can return to the normal site.

Reasoning

I believe that my site employs common web application design patterns and trends. In the example sites we looked at in class as well as many websites I've been to personally, things like filters and search bars are always near the top, as these are used by users who already have an idea of what they're looking for. The title is usually to the top left or in the center, but I see it placed in the top left more, so I reflect that in my website. Using cards to display events is also common, as we saw in the example websites in lecture. These cards should neatly contain all the information a user needs to know and actions that they need to take, so that is why I have all relevant details along with a RSVP button. In case they want more details, there is a "View Details" button that expands into a modal when clicked. This is also common practice because instead of taking you to a separate page, it just expands further information on the screen. Here, more detailed information or actions can be displayed, and is a great choice, provided there is a close button that will take you back to the normal website state (which is designed).
